Update first steps (#18)
Intermodalics/pickit-docs: docs/quick-start/robot-camera-calibration.rst

-  Mount the robot-to-camera calibration plate to the flange of the
   robot. Make sure it is well fixed.
-  Click on the :guilabel:`Calibration` button on top of the user interface. A popup
   showing the first step of the calibration process appears. Select a
   **stationary** camera mount and **Multi Poses Calibration**

>    for the calibration method. For the robot type, select **6 D.O.F.** or **4 D.O.F.**

Reviewer: Looks less heavy without the dots, and it's how we also display it in the UI, and how it's typically displayed in the robotics community:

```suggestion
   for the calibration method. For the robot type, select **6 DOF** or **4 DOF**
```

Author: For some reason, the string `DOF`, `DoF` or `dof` were appearing highlighted in orange in the browser window. It was not being searched with `CTRL+F`. But probably was something like that, because now I tried again and it appears normal.

>    depending on the number of degrees-of-freedom of your robot. If your robot has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   depending on the number of degrees-of-freedom (DOF) of your robot. If your robot has
```

   only 4 degrees-of-freedom, fill in the distance between calibration plate and
   robot flange in the field **Flange Z-axis**. Press :guilabel:`Start calibration process`.
-  On your robot open the example multi-poses calibration program supplied
   by Pickit. Edit the program, defining different waypoints such that the
   robot shows the calibration plate to the camera at different angles.

.. image:: /assets/images/First-steps/Robot-camera-calibration.jpg

> -  Press :guilabel:`Next` in the Pickit user interface, going to the second step. Confirm

Reviewer: Note that the wizard is about to be redone, so the number of steps and their scope will change.

Let's revisit this section once the wizard has been redone. Kai is working on it these days:
https://github.com/Intermodalics/pickit/issues/4982.

In general, the remark is that we should explain/clarify what is not evident from the wizard, and try to avoid repeating obvious things that looking at the template already transmit.

Author: Thanks, I wasn't aware that we wanted to redo the wizzard. I'll make it less specific.

Reviewer: BTW it's wizard (single z).
